In this lecture we will learn about the pseudo classes that CSSA gives us that apply to the anchor tag.
These are link visited hover and active.
Let's create a link that we can use in the examples for this lecture we will use the anchor tag and
give it a placeholder A-Trak value of hash tag to link pseudo class allows us to add style to all unvisited
links on our webpage.
For example if we want to make all of the unvisited links on our Web page pink We could use the link
pseudo class and assign our linker color value of pink.
Now when we run our code in the browser you will notice that the link is pink instead of the default
blue color.
Let's jump back to the editor The visited pseudo class allows us to add style to visited links on our
Web page.
For example if we want to make all of the visited links on our Web page read we would use the visited
pseudo class and assign or link or color value of red.
When we run this code in our browser and click the link you will notice that once it is visited it changes
to the color red instead of the default purple.
Let's go back to the editor the hover pseudo class allows us to add style that will apply to a linked
element when we hover over it.
For example if we want to make links green when the user hovers over them we could use the hover pseudo
class and assign or link or color of green.
In order for the hover pseudo class to work it has to come after both the link and visited pseudo classes
in our CSSA.
Now when we run the code in the browser and hover over the link you will notice that it turns green.
Then we will go back to the editor the active pseudo class allows us to add style that will apply to
a link element as it is clicked or selected.
For example if we want to make links on our Web page yellow when the user clicks on them we can use
the active pseudo class and assign it a link color of yellow.
When we run our code in the browser and click on the link you will notice that it turns yellow while
it is selected in the next lecture.
We will learn about pseudo elements in C Ss.